[MUSIC]
Congratulations, you finished
your capstone project.
By successfully completing each of the
steps in the capstone you should have been
able to train an agent to
land a module on the moon.
And you should have some insight
into how sensitive your agent is to
one of its meta parameters.
You already know a lot about
the details of your solution and
have seen learning curves and
parameter sensitivity plots.
So in this video we're instead going
to get some insight into the agent
during learning.
We'll visualize the agent in one run
to get a sense of how an agent might
learn on this problem.
And of course, because it's fun
to actually see our agent learn.
This is a video of our
agent after some training.
You'll notice that the policy still
isn't perfect, but it is quite good.
But the agent definitely
did not start there.
Remember, it did not know
anything about this world and
had to learn by trial and error.
Early on in training the agent
behaves in clearly suboptimal ways.
For instance, perhaps the agent only
decided to turn on one side thruster for
the entire episode.
That obviously didn't work out.
After that sometimes the agent learned
to only use the bottom thruster.
However, this pushed
the agent far off screen,
making it receive a large negative reward.
If the agent can use the main thruster all
the time, and it can use a side thruster
all the time, obviously the correct
choice is to just do nothing at all.
We can try to hypothesize some
reasons why this might be happening.
One possibility is that the neural
network is producing poor representations
early on.
For example,
the agent might be overgeneralizing.
If the side thruster action led to high
negative reward in one state, the agent
may over generalize that the site thruster
action is terrible in all states.
As the representation improves,
the agent is better able to
discriminate between states.
Of course, this is just a hypothesis.
Isolating the real cause will
require some experimentation.
After many more episodes of learning,
the agent is performing much better.
The agent is falling just a little too
quickly, causing one of the corners to hit
the ground, but fine-tuning its
policy from here is relatively easy.
And that's it for this video.
It is fun to watch videos
of your agent landing, but
it can also be a useful way to debug and
understand your agent.
Whenever is possible it's worth taking the
time to do this visualization to gain more
understanding of your agent.